Add WebLogic integration (#10559)
DataDog/integrations-core: weblogic/README.md

   To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][5] for more detailed instructions.
   If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][6].

2. [Restart the Agent][7]

### Validation

[Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][4] and look for `weblogic` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [`metadata.csv`][11] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.  

### Log collection

1. WebLogic logging services use an implementation based on the Java Logging APIs by default. Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][12] if you have a different format.

2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your datadog.yaml file:
3. 
   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```
   
3. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your weblogic.d/conf.yaml file. Change the path and service parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.
   ```yaml
    - type: file
      path: <DOMAIN_DIR>/servers/<SERVER_NAME>/logs/<SERVER_NAME>.log
      source: weblogic

>       service: <SERVICE_NAME>

Reviewer: These service tags should also be updated

> # Agent Check: weblogic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Agent Check: WebLogic
```

I think this happens when creating the integration (should be using the Display Name).

## Overview

> This check monitors Oracle [Weblogic][1] Server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check monitors Oracle [WebLogic][1] Server. 
```

## Setup

### Installation

The Weblogic check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

1. This check is JMX-based and collects metrics from the Platform MBean Server exported by the JVM, so JMX Remote Monitoring needs to be enabled on your Weblogic servers. Follow the instructions in the [Oracle documentation][8].

2. Set the system property `-Djavax.management.builder.initial=weblogic.management.jmx.mbeanserver.WLSMBeanServerBuilder` to enable these metrics on the Platform MBean Server. This may be enabled in either the Weblogic Server Admin Console or in the server startup scripts:

> _Enable in the Admin Console_

Reviewer: can we indent these things under `2.`

> 
> ```
> Domain => Configuration => General => Advanced => Platform MBean Server Enabled
> ```
> _Enable in Server Startup Scripts_
> ```yaml
> -Djavax.management.builder.initial=weblogic.management.jmx.mbeanserver.WLSMBeanServerBuilder

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Domain => Configuration => General => Advanced => Platform MBean Server Enabled
```

_Enable in Server Startup Scripts_

```yaml
-Djavax.management.builder.initial=weblogic.management.jmx.mbeanserver.WLSMBeanServerBuilder
```

I think you need some new lines here

```

For more information, see the [Weblogic documentation][13].

3. Verify that the [`PlatformMBeanServerUsed`][9] attribute value is set to `true` in the Weblogic Administration Console (default value is `true` in Weblogic Server versions 10.3.3.0 and above). This setting can be found in the Web Server Admin Console or configured using WSLT (Weblogic Scripting Tool). 

> _Enable in the Admin Console_

Reviewer: Let's indent this also, to clearly show what is part of which step

(wlst) > edit()
(wlst) > startEdit()
(wlst) > cd('JMX/mydomain')
(wlst) > set('EditMBeanServerEnabled','true')
(wlst) > activate()
(wlst) > exit()
```

Activate the changes and restart the Weblogic server.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `weblogic.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your weblogic performance data.
   See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][2] for all available configuration options.

   This check has a limit of 350 metrics per instance. The number of returned metrics is indicated when running the Datadog Agent [status command][3].
   You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the [configuration][2].
   To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][4] for more detailed instructions.
   If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][5].

2. [Restart the Agent][6]

### Validation

[Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][3] and look for `weblogic` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [`metadata.csv`][10] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.  

### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

No need for this

> 1. WebLogic logging services use an implementation based on the Java Logging APIs by default. Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][11] if you have a different format.
> 2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your datadog.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. WebLogic logging services use an implementation based on the Java Logging APIs by default. Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][11] if you have a different format.

2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your datadog.yaml file:
```

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```

> 3. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your weblogic.d/conf.yaml file. Change the path and service parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][2] for all available configuration options.
>    ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your weblogic.d/conf.yaml file. Change the path and service parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][2] for all available configuration options.

   ```yaml
```

    - type: file
      path: <DOMAIN_DIR>/servers/<ADMIN_SERVER_NAME>/logs/<ADMIN_SERVER_NAME>.log
      source: weblogic

>       service: <SERVER_NAME>

Reviewer: service should be dropped since it's optional

      log_processing_rules:
        - type: multi_line
          name: new_log_start_with_date
          pattern: \####<\w{3} (0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01]), \d{4}
    - type: file
      path: <DOMAIN_DIR>/servers/<SERVER_NAME>/logs/<SERVER_NAME>.log
      source: weblogic
      service: <SERVER_NAME>
      log_processing_rules:
        - type: multi_line
          name: new_log_start_with_date
          pattern: \####<\w{3} (0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01]), \d{4}
    - type: file
      path: <DOMAIN_DIR>/servers/<SERVER_NAME>/logs/access.log
      source: weblogic
      service: <SERVER_NAME>
      log_processing_rules:
        - type: multi_line
          name: new_log_start_with_date
          pattern: \####<\w{3} (0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01]), \d{4}
   ```
4. [Restart the Agent][6]

### Containerized
For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery with JMX][12] guide.

### Events

> The weblogic integration does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WebLogic integration does not include any events.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think this change has been applied yet?

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][7] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][5].

> [1]: **LINK_TO_INTEGERATION_SITE**

Reviewer: missing link to site

# Agent Check: WebLogic

## Overview

This check monitors Oracle [WebLogic][1] Server. 

## Setup

### Installation

The WebLogic check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

> 1. This check is JMX-based and collects metrics from the Platform MBean Server exported by the JVM, so JMX Remote Monitoring needs to be enabled on your WebLogic servers. Follow the instructions in the [Oracle documentation][9].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. This check is JMX-based and collects metrics from the Platform MBean Server exported by the JVM, so your WebLogic servers must have JMX Remote Monitoring enabled. Follow the instructions in the [Oracle documentation][9].
```

2. Set the system property `-Djavax.management.builder.initial=weblogic.management.jmx.mbeanserver.WLSMBeanServerBuilder` to enable these metrics on the Platform MBean Server. This may be enabled in either the WebLogic Server Admin Console or in the server startup scripts:

   _**Enable in the Admin Console**_

   ```
   Domain => Configuration => General => Advanced => Platform MBean Server Enabled
   ```

   _**Enable in Server Startup Scripts**_
 
   ```yaml
   -Djavax.management.builder.initial=weblogic.management.jmx.mbeanserver.WLSMBeanServerBuilder
   ```
      
   For more information, see the [WebLogic documentation][14].

> 3. Verify that the [`PlatformMBeanServerUsed`][10] attribute value is set to `true` in the WebLogic Administration Console (default value is `true` in WebLogic Server versions 10.3.3.0 and above). This setting can be found in the WebLogic Server Admin Console or configured using WSLT (WebLogic Scripting Tool). 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Verify that the [`PlatformMBeanServerUsed`][10] attribute value is set to `true` in the WebLogic Administration Console. The default value is `true` in WebLogic Server versions 10.3.3.0 and above. This setting can be found in the WebLogic Server Admin Console or configured using WebLogic Scripting Tool (WSLT). 
```

   _**Enable in the Admin Console**_

   ```
   Domain (<WEBLOGIC_SERVER>) => Configuration => General => (Advanced) => Platform MBeanServer Enabled
   ```
   
   _**Enable in WLST**_

>    Start an edit session, navigate to the JMX directory for the domain, use `cmo.setPlatformMBeanServerUsed(true)` to enable the attribute if it is set to false.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Start an edit session. Navigate to the JMX directory for the domain and use `cmo.setPlatformMBeanServerUsed(true)` to enable the attribute if it is set to `false`.
```

   For example:
   ```
   # > java weblogic.WLST
   (wlst) > connect('weblogic','weblogic')
   (wlst) > edit()
   (wlst) > startEdit()
   (wlst) > cd('JMX/mydomain')
   (wlst) > set('EditMBeanServerEnabled','true')
   (wlst) > activate()
   (wlst) > exit()
   ```

   Activate the changes and restart the WebLogic server.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `weblogic.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your

>    Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your weblogic performance data.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Weblogic performance data.
```

>    Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Weblogic performance data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your WebLogic performance data.
```

   See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

   This check has a limit of 350 metrics per instance. The number of returned metrics is indicated when running the Datadog Agent [status command][4].
   You can specify the metrics you are interested in by editing the [configuration][3].

>    To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][5] for more detailed instructions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   
   To learn how to customize the metrics to collect visit the [JMX Checks documentation][5] for more detailed instructions.
   
```

   If you need to monitor more metrics, contact [Datadog support][6].

2. [Restart the Agent][7]

### Validation

[Run the Agent's `status` subcommand][4] and look for `weblogic` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [`metadata.csv`][11] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.  

### Log collection

1. WebLogic logging services use an implementation based on the Java Logging APIs by default. Clone and edit the [integration pipeline][12] if you have a different format.

2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your datadog.yaml file:

> 3. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> 2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your datadog.yaml file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:
```

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```
   

> 3. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your weblogic.d/conf.yaml file. Change the path and service parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your `weblogic.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the path and service parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample weblogic.d/conf.yaml][3] for all available configuration options.
```
